ALL CHARACTERS AND EVENTS
DEPICTED IN THIS DRAMA ARE FICTITIOUS
EPISODE 9
How did the ANSP team leader
escape through the prayer room?
There was a secret passage
to the exit on basement two.
A secret passage?
No wonder
the old man and hall director
exchanged looks suspiciously.
We should go.
Follow me.
If this button is pushed,
the dorm will explode.
Right?
You say you don't
want to hurt anyone when you have this?
I understand why you don't trust me.
But that's for defending ourselves,
not for killing you.
Hundreds of soldiers are
surrounding this place.
I needed to do something to protect
my team members as their leader.
Stay away!
-No!
-What if the soldiers break in?
Will you still not use it then
since it's not for killing?
I told you.
I don't want to hurt anyone in this dorm.
Do you expect me to believe that?
Yes.
After the cruel things I did to you,
why would I lie to you
about getting out in nine days?
Everything I've done to you,
that's already too hard for me to bear.
We're really going
to get out of here in nine days.
So please
-give that back to me.
-Don't come near.
Stay away.
Why? Why in nine days?
Why not get out right now?
Why wait until nine days later?
You're lying again, aren't you?
You're lying again.
Everything you've told me was a lie.
That's not true.
Give that to me. It's dangerous.
Don't--
Please.
Please believe me.
I don't want to make you suffer anymore.